Hello! My name is Charles Yorke, I am a software engineer with a genuine passion for coding. I started off teaching myself how to code. Learning languages such as JavaScript (along with HTML/CSS, Node.js, and React.js), Python (along with Pygame modules, data scraping, CSV files), and other things like Socket.io. During this time of teaching myself, my passion for coding grew. It was because coding intriuged me, it caught my curiosity, and my curiosity is my motivation, it allows for me to excel at things that capture it. With my curiosity brewing, I decided to attempt learning in a class environment, which is when I stubmled upon Tech Elevator. A 14 week bootcamp where I learned Java, SQL, and even advanced my knowledge in JS/HTML/CSS while adding Vue.js to my skill set. With my curiosity really going, I know where I want to be. I want to be a software engineer at a company where I there is a mutual benefit between the company and I. Along with that, I want to work at a company where my curiosity won't be restricted, but will be enabled to expand vastly. And those are my current goal, but not my only goals...

This repo serves as a way for people to view my projects, both individual and project completed at Tech Elevator. The "Current Phone-Application" repo is private and that is because it is an app that I've been working on and plan on releasing on app stores (both IOS and android). The application is written in React-Native and also utilizes Socket.io as a server. So if you wish to view the code just reach out to me at my email charlestyorke@gmail.com.

